In order for us to review your app for compliance with Developer Program policies we will need you to provide valid login credentials for your app, and any other resources needed to review your app.

Please note the following requirements when providing login credentials:

Your login credentials must be accessible at all times, reusable, and valid regardless of user location.
Your login credentials must be maintained at all times without any error.
Your login credentials must be provided in English. Please make sure the credentials (ID, password, etc.) that you provide do not include languages other than English.
If your app requires you to bypass the login wall with other accounts (“sign in with Google, Facebook”, etc.), please provide all account details with the detailed instructions.
If your app requires the users to set up their own password (for example, PIN, etc.), please provide the instructions and upload it on Google Play Console.
Please provide all supplements (for example, QR codes, barcodes, etc.) needed in order to bypass the login wall.
In this case:

You didn’t provide an active demo/guest account or a valid username and password which we need to access your app.

Where this issue was found
This issue may also be found in other locations. Check all areas of your app when fixing this issue.

Location
Evidence
In-app experience

How to fix
Please consider following these steps to provide instructions for app access

Read the instructions in this Help Center article.
Go to the App access page.
Update your app access information.
Click Save.
Go to the Publishing overview page.
In the "Changes ready to send for review" section, click Send for review.
Read this Help Center page to learn more about managing when changes are reviewed and published.
Note: The fastest way to resolve this issue and get your app back on Google Play is follow the instructions provided above. If you have already updated valid credentials following the instructions, you do not need to contact our policy support team to provide this information.